Mr. Gu
What about it? Is he still working?
Ah, Miss Jiang is out
I took a taxi and don't know where to go
No, he has doubts about my identity
He's home.
I just told him on the phone that I was at home
If he comes back and can't see me, I'll be more suspicious
Assistant Sun, go and drive. Yes
Drive faster
Mr. Ku, you are in love
It's very easy to have a heart attack.
What nonsense, continue to speed up at home
You see this throttle is about to smoke
Doudou brother
He's not at home. Is he lying to me?
If you're really lying to me
Then he must be Gu Zhenting
Why are you back?
you
Is something wrong?
Why did you change your clothes?
How could I possibly go to a construction site in a suit to move bricks?
Hana is too.
It seems that your fantasies are not that serious?
Where did you just go?
The construction site ended early today
Come back and feel free
Went out for a walk
Miss Jiang, why do you have so many questions today?
Am I thinking too much?
I have to try him again